{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 STHeitiSC-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13620\viewh11420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 CHANGELOG\
\
Updated Version: 0.0.1\
Updated Date: 05/02/2013\
Updated by Santiago Chen\
Updated contents:\
Initialize MyCarousel JS Plugin version 0.0.1\
Tested it on Chrome, Firefox and Safari.\
Functionalities: \
* Export 1: MyCarousel.init(); initialize for the carousel image;\
* MyCarousel.init(\{\
*		target: document.getElementById("carou"),\
*		movestep: 2,\
*		automove:true,\
*		timer: 3,\
*		killanimate:false,\
*		anti:false,\
*		\});\
* Params:\
* target: Required. Set your targeting dom element; \
* automove: Optional. Default is true, prevent automove when you set the false to automove.\
* timer: Optional. Default is 2 seconds, with it, you could decide how often the automove happens.\
* movestep: Optional. Default is 1 image move the time when an automove happens, you could decide how many images move once an automove happens.\
			\
* killanimate: Optional. Default is false, you could kill the moving animate if you set this equal to true.\
* anti: Optional. Default is false. with it, you decide the automove's direction.\
*\
* Export 2: MyCarousel.move(step)  Handler for move towards Right.\
* Export 3: MyCarousel.antimove(step) Handler for moving towards Left.\
* Params:\
* step: Optional. Default is 1 image move the time when you make a moving attempt. With it, you decide how many images move the time when making a moving attempt.\
\
Updated Version: 0.0.2\
Updated Date: 05/03/2013\
Updated by Santiago Chen\
Updated contents:\
Tested it on Chrome, Firefox, Safari and IE6-IE9.\
Fixed the Plugin bugs in IE. \
Set extra-css to supplement the drawback of hidden overflow in IE6&IE7
\f1 , so that a good enough demo page has been finished
\f0 .\
\
}